c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.dll.config
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.pdb
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.dll
c:\users\thilankas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.pdb
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.dll.config
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Online_Book_Store.pdb
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.dll
E:\Academic\Documents\Y4S2\CC\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\Online_Book_Store\obj\Debug\Online_Book_Store.pdb
